Update Turbopack docs (#63729)
vercel/next.js: docs/04-architecture/turbopack.mdx

## Unsupported features

Turbopack currently only supports `next dev` and does not support `next build`. We are currently working on support for builds as we move closer towards stability.

These features are currently not supported:

> - `webpack()` configuration in `next.config.js`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`webpack()`](/docs/app/api-reference/next-config-js/webpack) configuration in `next.config.js`
```

  - Turbopack replaces Webpack, this means that webpack configuration is not supported.

>   - For configuring Turbopack [see the documentation](/docs/app/api-reference/next-config-js/turbo).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - To configure Turbopack, [see the documentation](/docs/app/api-reference/next-config-js/turbo).
```

>   - A subset of Webpack loaders [are supported](/docs/app/api-reference/next-config-js/turbo#webpack-loaders) in Turbopack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - A subset of [Webpack loaders](/docs/app/api-reference/next-config-js/turbo#webpack-loaders) are supported in Turbopack.
```

> - `.babelrc`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-  Babel`(.babelrc`)
```

Unless you think it's fair to assume someone looking for Babel will know to look for `.babelrc`, which is fair.

> - Babel`(.babelrc`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Babel (`.babelrc`)
```

  - Turbopack leverages the [SWC](/docs/architecture/nextjs-compiler#why-swc) compiler for all transpilation and optimizations. This means that Babel is not included by default.

>   - If you have a `.babelrc` you might no longer need it because Next.js includes common Babel plugins as SWC transforms that can be enabled. You can read more about this in [the compiler documentation](docs/architecture/nextjs-compiler#supported-features).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If you have a `.babelrc` file, you might no longer need it because Next.js includes common Babel plugins as SWC transforms that can be enabled. You can read more about this in the [compiler documentation](docs/architecture/nextjs-compiler#supported-features).
```

>   - If you still need to use Babel after verifying your particular use case is not covered you can leverage Turbopack's [support for custom webpack loaders](/docs/app/api-reference/next-config-js/turbo#webpack-loaders) to include `babel-loader`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - If you still need to use Babel after verifying your particular use case is not covered, you can leverage Turbopack's [support for custom webpack loaders](/docs/app/api-reference/next-config-js/turbo#webpack-loaders) to include `babel-loader`.
```

- Creating a root layout automatically in App Router.

>   - Since this behavior changes input files this is currently not supported, instead an error will be shown to add the root layout manually at the desired location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - This behavior is currently not supported since it changes input files, instead, an error will be shown for you manually add a root layout in the desired location.
```

- `@next/font` (legacy font support).

>   - `@next/font` is deprecated in favor of `next/font`. `next/font` is fully supported with Turbopack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `@next/font` is deprecated in favor of `next/font`. [`next/font`](/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) is fully supported with Turbopack.
```

- `new Worker('file', import.meta.url)`.
  - We are planning to implement this in the future.
- [Relay transforms](/docs/architecture/nextjs-compiler#relay)
  - We are planning to implement this in the future.
- `experimental.nextScriptWorkers`
  - We are planning to implement this in the future.
- [AMP](/docs/pages/building-your-application/configuring/amp).
  - We are currently not planning to support AMP in Next.js with Turbopack.
- Yarn PnP
  - We are currently not planning to support Yarn PnP in Next.js with Turbopack.

> - `experimental.urlImports`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`experimental.urlImports`](/docs/app/api-reference/next-config-js/urlImports)
```
